[serve] Remove fruit stand from production guide (#39351)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/kubernetes.md

* Deploy a KubeRay operator

## Setting up a RayService custom resource (CR)

> Once the KubeRay controller is running, manage your Ray Serve application by creating and updating a `RayService` CR ([example](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-service.text-ml.yaml)).

Reviewer: Can you pin these links to a specific version, so they still work even if the KubeRay repo structure changes?

Then, once the cluster is running, it deploys the Serve application to the cluster using the [REST API](serve-in-production-deploying).
The controller also creates a Kubernetes Service that can be used to route traffic to the Serve application.

> Let's see this in action by deploying the [Text ML example](serve-in-production-example).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see an example, deploy the [Text ML example](serve-in-production-example).
```

> The Serve config for the example is embedded into [this example `RayService` CR](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/5b1a5a11f5df76db2d66ed332ff0802dc3bbff76/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-service.text-ml.yaml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Serve config for the example is embedded into [this sample `RayService` CR](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/5b1a5a11f5df76db2d66ed332ff0802dc3bbff76/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-service.text-ml.yaml).
```

> To follow along, save this CR locally in a file named `ray-service.text-ml.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Save this CR locally to a file named `ray-service.text-ml.yaml`:
```

:::

```console

> $ curl -o ray-service.text-ml.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/kuberay/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-service.text-ml.yaml

Reviewer 3: I think it might be better to pin this to a specific release or commit. Also note https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/kuberay/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-service.text-ml.yaml is currently throwing 404

Author: Will do! This is a placeholder right now because https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/pull/1402 hasn't been merged yet, I will update this link to the commit once it's merged.

...
Status:
  Active Service Status:
    Application Statuses:
      math_app:
        Health Last Update Time:  2023-09-07T01:21:30Z
        Last Update Time:         2023-09-07T01:21:30Z
        Serve Deployment Statuses:
          math_app_Adder:
            Health Last Update Time:  2023-09-07T01:21:30Z
            Last Update Time:         2023-09-07T01:21:30Z
            Status:                   HEALTHY

>           math_app_DAGDriver:

Reviewer 4: where's this coming from?

Author: These were from an old output, I forgot to remove

### Example: Serve config update

> In the Text ML example above, let's change the language of the Translator in the Serve config to German:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Text ML example above, change the language of the Translator in the Serve config to German:
```

```yaml
  - name: Translator
    num_replicas: 1
    user_config:
      language: german
```

Now to update the application we apply the modified manifest:

```console
$ kubectl apply -f ray-service.text-ml.yaml

$ kubectl describe rayservice rayservice-sample
...
  Serve Deployment Statuses:
    text_ml_app_Translator:
      Health Last Update Time:  2023-09-07T18:21:36Z
      Last Update Time:         2023-09-07T18:21:36Z
      Status:                   UPDATING
...
```

> If we query the application, we can see that we now get a different translation in German:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Query the application to see a different translation in German:
```
